Update the HTTP Cache guide (#2625)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/reliable/http-cache/index.md

---
layout: post

> title: 'The HTTP Cache: Avoiding unnecessary network requests with `Cache-Control` and `ETag`'

Author: ```suggestion
title: 'Prevent unnecessary network requests with the HTTP Cache'
```

@jeffposnick WDYT? I wanted to include `Cache-Control`, `ETag`, and `Last-Modified` in the title to improve the page's SEO, but I think it's just too long.

Author: I also wanted to lead off with `HTTP Cache` because it's such a household name but `HTTP Cache: Avoid unnecessary network requests` seems weird to me.

Reviewer: 👍

authors:
  - jeffposnick

>   - ilyagrigorik

Reviewer: Feel free to add your name here, too, Kayce!

Author: Thanks, I thought about it, but it bugs me when there's a long list of authors on a page.

---

Fetching resources over the network is both slow and expensive: 

* Large responses require many roundtrips between the browser and the server.
* Your page won't load until all of its [critical resources][crp] have downloaded completely.
* If a person is accessing your site with a limited mobile data plan, every unnecessary 
  network request is a waste of their money.

How can you avoid unnecessary network requests? The browser's HTTP Cache is your
first line of defense. It's not necessarily the most powerful or flexible
approach, and you have limited control over the lifetime of cached responses,
but it's effective, it's supported in all browsers, and it doesn't require much
work.

This guide shows you the basics of an effective HTTP caching implementation.

## Browser compatibility {: #browser-compatibility }

There isn't actually a single API called the HTTP Cache. It's the general name
for a collection of web platform APIs. Those APIs are supported in all browsers:

* [`Cache-Control`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control#Browser_compatibility)
* [`ETag`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag#Browser_compatibility)

> * [`Last-Modified`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-Modified#Browser_compatibility)

Reviewer: It's a little weird that `Cache-Control` and `ETag` are specifically called out in the article's title, but there are actually three things listed here.

Author: If you're OK with the new title then this should be resolved now.

overrides set. That's beyond the scope of this guide, though!
{% endAside %}

## Response headers: configure your web server {: #response-headers }

The part of the HTTP caching setup that matters the most is the headers that
your web server adds to each outgoing response. The following headers all factor
into effective caching behavior:

* [`Cache-Control`][cache-control].
  The server can return a `Cache-Control` directive to specify how, and for how
  long, the browser and other intermediate caches should cache the individual
  response.
* [`ETag`][etag]. When
  the browser finds an expired cached response, it can send a small token 
  (usually a hash of the file's contents) to the server to check if the file has
  changed. If the server returns the same token, then the file is the same, and there's
  no need to re-download it.

> * [`Last-Modified`][last-modified].

Reviewer: I think this language comes from https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-Modified, but I'm not in favor of it. I'd prefer to think of it as there being two ways of the server identifying the version of an HTTP response: content-based (`ETag`) or time-based (`Last-Modified`).

If we're talking about, e.g., a response for an API feed that updates once every 15 minutes, then using `Last-Modified` and including the time that the API feed was last generated should be just as "accurate" as using an `ETag`. It's also conceptually more straightforward.

So, different options that each could perform a similar role.

Author: Yes, that is where I got that language. Your explanation makes sense. I'll re-word.

>   This header serves the same purpose as `ETag`, but is less accurate.

Author: ```suggestion
  This header serves the same purpose as `ETag`, but uses a time-based strategy
  to determine if a resource has changed, as opposed to the content-based strategy
  of `ETag`.
```
@jeffposnick WDYT?

Chances are you want more control than that offers, so take the time to
configure your response headers.

## Which response header values should you use? {: #response-header-strategies }

There are two important scenarios that you should cover when configuring your
web server's response headers.

### Long-lived caching for versioned URLs {: #versioned-urls }

{% Details %}
  {% DetailsSummary 'h4' %}
    How versioned URLs can help your caching strategy
    Versioned URLs are a good practice because they make it easier to invalidate
    cached responses. 
  {% endDetailsSummary %}
  Suppose your server instructs browsers to cache a CSS file
  for 1 year (<code>Cache-Control: max-age=31536000</code>) but your designer just made an
  emergency update that you need to roll out immediately. How do you notify browsers
  to update the "stale" cached copy of the file?
  You can't, at least not without changing the URL of the resource. After the
  browser caches the response, the cached version is used until it's no longer
  fresh, as determined by <code>max-age</code> or <code>expires</code>, or until it is evicted from the cache

>   for some other reason— for example, the user clearing their browser cache. As a

Reviewer: That looks like an extra space after the `—` character.

Author: ```suggestion
  for some other reason—for example, the user clearing their browser cache. As a
```

to include a build step prior to deploying your web app, so you can't add hashes
to your asset URLs. And every web application needs HTML files—those files are
(almost!) never going to include versioning information, since no one will
bother to use your web app if they need to remember that the URL to visit is
`https://example.com/index.34def12.html`. So what can you do for those URLs?

This is one scenario in which you need to admit defeat. HTTP caching alone isn't
powerful enough to avoid the network completely. (Don't worry—you'll soon learn
about [service workers](/service-workers-cache-storage/), which will provide the
support we need to swing the battle back in your favor.) But there are a few
steps you can take to make sure that network requests are as quick and efficient
as possible.

The following `Cache-Control` values can help you fine-tune where and how unversioned URLs
are cached:

* `no-cache`. This instructs the browser that it must revalidate with the
  server every time before using a cached version of the URL.
* `no-store`. This instructs the browser and other intermediate caches (like CDNs) to never

>   store any version of the file. `no-store` is often used for files that have sensitive or
>   personal data.

Author: ```suggestion
  store any version of the file.
```

* `private`. Browsers can cache the file but intermediate caches cannot.
  For example, `private` would make sense for a server-side rendered HTML file

>   that contains private user information.

Reviewer: The distinction between "sensitive or personal data" (don't cache it anywhere, as per the previous section) and "private user information" (okay to cache in the browser, as per this section) is probably going to confuse folks.

Author: Maybe let's just remove them both? I think it's good to make readers aware of their existence but maybe we can just leave it at that.

>   For example, `private` would make sense for a server-side rendered HTML file
>   that contains private user information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * `public`. The response can be stored by any cache, even if it's usually not cacheable.

Reviewer: I'm not clear on what "even if it's usually not cacheable" means.

Author: ```suggestion
* `public`. The response can be stored by any cache.
```

Good point. I'm also not sure what it means. I think we can just leave it out.

          up to 1 day (60 seconds x 60 minutes x 24 hours).
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>private, max-age=600</code></td>
        <td>
          The response can be cached by the browser (but not intermediary caches) for up to 10 
          minutes (60 seconds x 10 minutes).
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>public, max-age=31536000</code></td>
        <td>
          The response can be stored by any cache for 1 year.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>no-store</code></td>
        <td>
          The response is not allowed to be cached and must be fetched in full on every request.
        </td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

[crp]: https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/critical-rendering-path
[304]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/304
[if-modified-since]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-Modified-Since
[if-none-match]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-None-Match
[etag]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag
[last-modified]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-Modified

> [cache-control]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control

Author: ```suggestion
[cache-control]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control

```
